Update testing-contracts.md (#81)
hirosystems/docs: docs/tutorials/testing-contracts.md

npm init clarity-starter
```

After the starter project is created, you can select a template and a name for your local project folder. Feel free to hit ENTER both times to accept the default suggestion.

```bash
? Template - one of [hello-world, counter]: (hello-world)
```

Finally, after the project dependencies are installed, your project is ready for development.

> The project resources are created in your current folder. Take note of the `contracts` and `test` folders. The other files are standardized pieces to wire up the project.

Reviewer: This may help make the last sentence clearer.

```suggestion
The project resources are created in your current folder. Take note of the `contracts` and `test` folders. The other files are standardized components required to run the project.
```
